About us      Bodhi Education is Kerala’s pioneering educational research and development platform, dedicated to empowering students by enhancing their skills and unlocking their true potential. We support the students to attain their goals. Comprising a dynamic team of academic experts, researchers, and technocrats, we collaborate to design innovative strategies and cutting-edge technologies that revolutionize India’s education sector.     Bodhi believes that, "every child has his/her own uniqueness". Find and shape them as future talents are the real task. Bodhi Education envisions itself as a unique and dynamic human resource development initiative dedicated to empowering students through a highly sophisticated coaching and support ecosystem. We aim to identify, strengthen, and refine the innate abilities of every learner, enabling them to dream confidently and achieve excellence in their chosen professional careers.Through integrated academic excellence, mentorship-driven guidance, technology-enabled learning, and value-based education, Bodhi Education seeks to create competent, confident, and socially responsible professionals who contribute meaningfully to society.Bodhi devoted to build a strong foundation in child through the professional academic endeavours and best coaching practices. With an ultimate aim to mould and support the students, Bodhi designs a unique coaching pattern which is ideal for nurturing academic excellence among students.       The programmes are offered for the standard 6 to 12 students to build them with sound subject base, vibrant problem solving skills and competitive exam skills. We aim, to strengthen the student's   mathematical skills, competitive mind set, confidence and courage to crack their ambitions.Our online - offline combination and learning app help the students to reach their best in well organised coaching programmes. The blunt of most effective classroom teaching supplemented by recorded classes, live online sessions, doubt clearance sessions , discussions, mock exams, self evaluations through the learning app. The combined programme helps our students to prepare their own strategy and schedule for their coaching by utilising valuable time in a more meaningful way.The programmes such as “Bodhi Science Centres”, “Integrated schools”, Online learning programme and “Empower Her”  were the innovative programmes to fullfill the ultimate goal of Bodhi.The motto of the programme is to provide the best quality  classes, students support, mentorship and high-power coaching to create a strong community of younger  population with high capacity, skill and talent. It aims to provide a highly  specialised and sophisticated coaching and support for the students to fine tune their innate abilities. 
